This file is to help with using the command line
to push your changes for the project up to the 
github repository SWETigerZone.

Download/Install "git bash"
Use "git bash" when working with git.
Git is included with the install.

Helpful Git Commands:

'git clone https://github.com/min-gy/SWETigerZone.git'
This clones the github repository to a new folder in
the current directory named SWETigerZone.

'git checkout -b name'
This makes a new branch in your local repository
named "name", replace name with whatever you want.
!!WARNING: create your own branch, it makes!!
!!               pushing and merging easier!!

'git pull origin master'
This pulls any updates of the master branch on github
to the current branch. Do this often to keep up to
date with the main repository.

'git diff'
This will display all changes in the current branch
since the last commit.

'git status'
This will display all files that you have changed or
added to the repository.

'git commit -am "message"'
This commits the current changes to the local
repository of the current branch. Replace message
with a short phrase describing the changes.

'git push origin branchName'
This pushes the lastest commit in branchName to the
main github repository. Replace branchName with the
name of the branch you would like to push.
!!WARNING: pushing directly to master is dangerous!!

After you push from your local repository, you will
need to go into github and merge the branch you
pushed to the master branch, there should be no
conflicts when trying to merge. After pushing, go
to "branches" on the github repository, find your
branch and click "new pull request" on the right.
You should see a green "Able to merge" message on the
top and a green "Create pull request" button below,
click the button. After that, you should see a "This
branch has no conflicts with the base branch" message
and a green "Merge pull request" button, click the
button. Finally, you should see a green "Confirm merge"
button, click the button. Now you should be able
to see your changes in the master branch on github.
